README.md, before:

# kubeadm: Single Node Kubernetes Cluster

This tutorial will walk you through bootstrapping a single-node Kubernetes cluster on [Google Compute Engine](https://cloud.google.com/compute/) using [kubeadm](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubeadm).

## Tutorial

Create an image with nested virtualization enabled:

```bash
gcloud compute images create nested-ubuntu-1804-lts \
  --source-image-family=ubuntu-1804-lts \
  --source-image-project=ubuntu-os-cloud \
  --licenses=https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/vm-options/global/licenses/enable-vmx
```

Create a single compute instance:

```bash
gcloud compute instances create kubeadm-single-node-cluster \
  --can-ip-forward \
  --image nested-ubuntu-1804-lts \
  --machine-type n1-standard-4 \
  --metadata kubernetes-version=stable-1.10 \
  --metadata-from-file startup-script=startup.sh \
  --tags kubeadm-single-node-cluster \
  --scopes cloud-platform,logging-write
```

Enable secure remote access to the Kubernetes API server:

```
gcloud compute firewall-rules create default-allow-kubeadm-single-node-cluster \
  --allow tcp:6443 \
  --target-tags kubeadm-single-node-cluster \
  --source-ranges 0.0.0.0/0
```

Fetch the client kubernetes configuration file:

```
gcloud compute scp kubeadm-single-node-cluster:/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf \
  kubeadm-single-node-cluster.conf
```

> It may take a few minutes for the cluster to finish bootstrapping and the client config to become readable.

Set the `KUBECONFIG` env var to point to the `kubeadm-single-node-cluster.conf` kubeconfig:

```
export KUBECONFIG=$(PWD)/kubeadm-single-node-cluster.conf
```

Set the `kubeadm-single-node-cluster` kubeconfig server address to the public IP address:

```
kubectl config set-cluster kubernetes \
  --kubeconfig kubeadm-single-node-cluster.conf \
  --server https://$(gcloud compute instances describe kubeadm-single-node-cluster \
     --format='value(networkInterfaces.accessConfigs[0].natIP)'):6443
```

## Verification

List the Kubernetes nodes:

```
kubectl get nodes
```
``` 
NAME                          STATUS    ROLES     AGE       VERSION
kubeadm-single-node-cluster   Ready     master    35m       v1.8.0
```

The node version reflects the `kubelet` version, therefore it might be different
than the `kubernetes-version` specified above.

Find out Kubernetes API server version:

```
kubectl version --short
```
```
Client Version: v1.10.3
Server Version: v1.10.3
```

Create a nginx deployment:

```
kubectl run nginx --image nginx:1.13 --port 80
```

Expose the nginx deployment:

```
kubectl expose deployment nginx --type LoadBalancer
```

## Cleanup

```
gcloud compute instances delete kubeadm-single-node-cluster
```

```
gcloud compute firewall-rules delete default-allow-kubeadm-single-node-cluster
```

```
rm kubeadm-single-node-cluster.conf
```

Commit message:

Deploy nginx as an untrusted container so it uses Kata.

README.md, after:

# kubeadm: Single Node Kubernetes Cluster

This tutorial will walk you through bootstrapping a single-node Kubernetes cluster on [Google Compute Engine](https://cloud.google.com/compute/) using [kubeadm](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubeadm).

## Tutorial

Create an image with nested virtualization enabled:

```bash
gcloud compute images create nested-ubuntu-1804-lts \
  --source-image-family=ubuntu-1804-lts \
  --source-image-project=ubuntu-os-cloud \
  --licenses=https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/vm-options/global/licenses/enable-vmx
```

Create a single compute instance:

```bash
gcloud compute instances create kubeadm-single-node-cluster \
  --can-ip-forward \
  --image nested-ubuntu-1804-lts \
  --machine-type n1-standard-4 \
  --metadata kubernetes-version=stable-1.10 \
  --metadata-from-file startup-script=startup.sh \
  --tags kubeadm-single-node-cluster \
  --scopes cloud-platform,logging-write
```

Enable secure remote access to the Kubernetes API server:

```
gcloud compute firewall-rules create default-allow-kubeadm-single-node-cluster \
  --allow tcp:6443 \
  --target-tags kubeadm-single-node-cluster \
  --source-ranges 0.0.0.0/0
```

Fetch the client kubernetes configuration file:

```
gcloud compute scp kubeadm-single-node-cluster:/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf \
  kubeadm-single-node-cluster.conf
```

> It may take a few minutes for the cluster to finish bootstrapping and the client config to become readable.

Set the `KUBECONFIG` env var to point to the `kubeadm-single-node-cluster.conf` kubeconfig:

```
export KUBECONFIG=$(PWD)/kubeadm-single-node-cluster.conf
```

Set the `kubeadm-single-node-cluster` kubeconfig server address to the public IP address:

```
kubectl config set-cluster kubernetes \
  --kubeconfig kubeadm-single-node-cluster.conf \
  --server https://$(gcloud compute instances describe kubeadm-single-node-cluster \
     --format='value(networkInterfaces.accessConfigs[0].natIP)'):6443
```

## Verification

List the Kubernetes nodes:

```
kubectl get nodes
```
``` 
NAME                          STATUS    ROLES     AGE       VERSION
kubeadm-single-node-cluster   Ready     master    35m       v1.8.0
```

The node version reflects the `kubelet` version, therefore it might be different
than the `kubernetes-version` specified above.

Find out Kubernetes API server version:

```
kubectl version --short
```
```
Client Version: v1.10.3
Server Version: v1.10.3
```

Create a nginx deployment:

```
kubectl run nginx --image nginx:1.13 --port 80 --overrides '{"spec": {"template": {"metadata": {"annotations": {"io.kubernetes.cri.untrusted-workload": "true"}}}}}'
```

Expose the nginx deployment:

TODO(jonolson): This may be broken -- LoadBalancer for a single-node cluster
seems to never become healthy, and this may have been true since Kube 1.6 based
on the code.

```
kubectl expose deployment nginx-untrusted --type LoadBalancer
```

## Cleanup

```
gcloud compute instances delete kubeadm-single-node-cluster
```

```
gcloud compute firewall-rules delete default-allow-kubeadm-single-node-cluster
```

```
rm kubeadm-single-node-cluster.conf
```
